"Assignment-1"

1).Write a query to display all the records from the STUDENT table?
    select * from student;

2).Write a query to display only name and date of birth columns from the table STUDENT?
    select stdname,dob from student;

3).Write a query to display all students' records where the percentage of students is greater or equal to 80?
    select stdid,stdname from student where percentage >= 80;

4).Write a query to display student name, stream and percentage where the percentage of students is more than 80.?
    select stdname,stream,percentage from student where percentage > 80;

5).Write a query to display all records of science students whose percentage is more than 75?
    select stdname from student where stream = "science" and percentage >= 75;

6).Write a query to display the name of all students whose stream is not Science?
    select stdname from student where stream <> "science";

7).Write a query to display all student names and their percentages where the percentage of students is between 60 and 80?
    select stdname,percentage from student where percentage between 60 and 80;

8).Write a query to change a student name from SWATI MISHRA to SWATI VERMA whose StdID is 1014 and also change percentage 86?
    update student set stdname = "Swati Verma",percentage = 86 where stdid = 1014;

9).Write a query to delete the records from the student table where StdId is 1016?
    delete from student where stdid = 1016;

10).Write a query to print all records from the student table where the student name starts with ‘S?
    select * from student where stdname like "s%";

11).Write a query to print all records from the student table where the student name contains the alphabet ‘G’?
    select * from student where stdname like "%g%";

"Assignment-2"

1).Write a query to display employee name and salary whose salary is greater than or equal to 2200?
    select ename,sal from employees where sal > 2200;

2).Write a query to display details of employees who are not getting commission?
    select * from employees where comm = 'null';

3).Write a query to display employee name and salary of those employees who don’t have their salary in the range of 2500 to 4000?
    select ename,sal from employees where sal between 2500 and 4000;

4).Write a query to display the name, job title and salary of employees whose job title is not a manager?
    select ename,job,sal from employees where job <> 'manager';

5).Write a query to display the name of an employee whose name contains “A” as the second alphabet?
    select ename from employees where ename like "_a%";

6).Write a query to display the name of an employee whose name contains “T” as the last alphabet?
    select ename from employees where ename like "%t";

7).Write a query to display the name of an employee whose name contains ”K” as First and “L” as third alphabet?
    select ename from employees where ename like "k_l%";
